January 17, 2017
    Today I set up this project on github, and also attempted a few sketches for what I want the final project to look like.
    I have divided the project into four basic sub-projects and I will attempt to make progress on each of them every day.

    Goals for tomorrow:
        Display:    Find map of Appalachian Trail and import it into Inkscape.
                    Determine exactly how far apart each LED will be and how much space I will have for that.
        Website:    Figure out how to get GPS data off an Android phone (this may take several days).
                    Choose a url.
        Circuitry:  Determine how many LEDs I will need and start an initial parts list.
                    Choose what type of LEDs I will use.
        Code:       Write the basic scope of the sketch and comment what will go where.
                    Determine what Arduino shield I will need to connect to the internet.


January 18, 2017
    Display:
        I found a map to use as my template.  I felt like the best option was to use a simplistic map with not a
        lot of clutter or detail.  I would have liked to get FL in the map, but the zoomed in map seemed to work
        also.
        I measured the whole map (280 mm tall) and then measured the diagonal of the trail - 264mm.  I would like
        to use 3mm LEDs with 5mm gap in between.  This brings up to about 33 LEDs total.  I see that this will be
        an issue trying to get enough individual pins on the Arduino.
    Website:
        I chose a url from one of my personal websites.  Basically website.com/map.  It's set up on wordpress currently
        so I'm not sure how I'm going to do the set up.  Every single part of this project is delving into new
        territory for me.
    Circuitry:
        I found some LEDs that looked fine.  I actually found some that came in a pack with resistors, but I really
        have to find out what the current of the entire project will be before I figure out what resistors I will
        need, I guess.
    Code:
        I looked at Arduino's wifi shield and found it a bit pricey.  I will look more at different options.
        I also created an Arduino sketch and put the basic layout in there.  It's really rudimentary but it's a start.



     Goals for tomorrow:
        -Figure out the best way to get more pins on the Arduino.  I think I will use shift registers but I'm not entirely
        sure how those work and how to calculate all of that, so I will have to learn that.
        -Start work on the website grabbing data.
        -Start turning the state lines into paths in Inkscape.


January 19, 2017
    Display:
        I found a new map of the Eastern US that was already an svg.  Now I'm just going to find an svg of the AT and
        copy it into the other map and put it in the right place.  It will be a lot easier than trying to alter that
        other map.
    Website:
        Found a Wordpress plugin for logging GPS.
    Circuitry:
        Purchased this: DIYmail Nodemcu Lua ESP8266 CP2102 Wifi
        (https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00XJG7GEK/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o03_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1)
        It's an open source arduino clone that automatically has wifi built in.  This will be perfect, and a lot more
        affordable.
    Code:
        Looked into how to easier log into my friend's wifi.  He uses a public group wifi, but with a login page.
        There are no scripts or fancy stuff on the page, and I may have even found a way to bypass the login page.


    Goals for tomorrow:
        -Look into how to use that wordpress plugin.
        -Add the AT to my map
        -Look into how to use shift registers
        -Divide the LEDs into GPS ranges
